[Music]
pink you better clean your plate or
you're not getting dessert
well I guess you better not give in to
your moms threats if you're ever
visiting China that's just one of many
places that have cultural faux pas and
even some bizarre laws that totally go
against what might be normal for you or
me for example if you ever go to Italy
don't order a latte after breakfast
going to any Starbucks in America at any
time of the day and you'll likely see
plenty of people sipping on lattes
cappuccinos and frappes but in Italy
it's considered uncouth to order white
coffee or any coffee made with milk
after breakfast time
this is because traditionally in Italy
drinking milk after a meal it's thought
to be bad for digestion so next time
you're walking around Italy and jonesing
for a latte take a look at your watch if
it's after 11:00 a.m. you'd better stick
with a shot of espresso unless you want
a dirty look from the barista don't tip
in Japan even after a beautiful and
exquisite meal with service fit for a
king leaving a tip can put a damper on
the whole experience in the Land of the
Rising Sun the opposite may be true in
many other countries and definitely in
the US but leaving your server or driver
with a tip is considered quite rude and
not even necessary you see great
customer service is the normal standard
not something a waiter can just choose
to do if they want a little extra money
you can't buy or sell chewing gum in
Singapore I'm sure it's pretty annoying
and gross stepping on a huge wad if
someone else is gone but in Singapore
they take it a lot more seriously than
that so seriously in fact that it's
illegal to buy or sell chewing gum damn
this band started back in 1992 as a way
to clean up Singapore streets movie
theaters schools and Parks of course it
doesn't apply to people who need
nicotine gum or dental gum for health
reasons and it was partially lifted in
2004 with the exception of gum being
bought and sold so you're still allowed
to chew it there today you'll just be
slammed with a hefty fine if you're
caught buying or selling it
cutting down a saguaro cactus is illegal
in Arizona the saguaro cactus is
Arizona's official state flower just
don't get too close and sniff it
ouch oh and don't cut one down either
unless you want to face up to a 25 year
prison sentence yeah even if it's in
your own backyard
no these cacti aren't filled with gold
or anything it's just that they take a
whopping 150 to 200 years to fully
mature and cutting one down after all
that is pretty awful if you do have one
on your property and you need to get rid
of it for whatever reason you have to
get permission from the Arizona
Department of Agriculture save your
bikini just for the beach in Barcelona
unless you're on or somewhere near the
sandy beaches of Barcelona wearing a
bikini is a huge no-no in this colorful
Catalonian City if you're caught wearing
a bikini top at a restaurant or shopping
just after coming from the beach you can
get fined a couple hundred bucks right
there on the spot the same goes for men
who walk around with their shirts off
the dress code exists to enforce a bit
of modesty around town so if you're ever
in Barcelona and hanging out at the
beach you'd better stop by the hotel to
change before you go out to dinner
don't finish your plate of food in China
and gobbling up every last morsel on
your plate isn't necessarily illegal in
China but it is considered somewhat rude
that's because even though you'd clearly
enjoyed your meal giving back a clean
plate signifies that you're still hungry
and not completely satisfied leaving
just a bite or two left on the plate is
your way of showing your dinner host
that you enjoyed the meal and your belly
is stuffed when in France try not to
blow your nose out in public if you're
fighting a cold allergies or just some
really bitter winter winds sometimes
blowing your nose in public just has to
happen but if you're in France
try to make it to the bathroom before
you blow that hunker of yours actually
it's not just France but also places
like China Japan and Turkey we're
blowing your nose while around a bunch
of people is considered quite rude and
really just gross they do kinda have a
point there when hailing a taxi in
Australia ride shotgun in the u.s.
hopping into the front seat of a cab
would be downright weird
you typically climb into the backseat
even if you're the only passenger but in
places like Australia parts of Ireland
and New Zealand popping into the back
seat instead of the front passenger seat
is pretty rude basically you look like a
snob who wants to be chauffeured in
stark silence instead of making small
talk with the driver up front
only by flowers in odd numbers in Russia
giving someone a dozen roses or flowers
and even numbers is considered a major
faux pas in Russia because even-numbered
flower bouquets are usually present at
funerals so if you're looking to win
over the heart of a Russian you'd better
stick to bouquets with an odd number of
flowers and while you're at it
you're better off avoiding yellow
flowers for the same reason don't get
too creative with baby names in Denmark
needless to say all three of Kim
kardashian-west kids wouldn't fare well
in Denmark that's because in this
country it's actually a law not to name
your baby anything too out of the
ordinary like north st. and Chicago this
law is known as the law on personal
names and it exists to protect babies
who have no say in their potential
outlandish names and the burden they'll
be forced to carry with them I'm looking
at you pilot inspector
yes that's what celebs Jason Lee and
Beth Riesgraf named their kid avoid
using your left hand in India bad news
lefties in India using your left hand
while exchanging money handing over food
or shaking a person's hand is considered
incredibly rude and well really gross
it's because the left hand is primarily
used to clean yourself up after using
the bathroom that's why people in India
as well as a lot of countries in Asia
Africa and the Middle East
expect you to use your right hand for
everyday actions if you do accidentally
pass something to someone with your left
hand apologize immediately for doing
something so discourteous don't feed the
pigeons in Venice feeding pigeons some
breadcrumbs may seem harmless but doing
this in Venice can set you back anywhere
from 70 to 700 bucks if you're caught
this Italian city enforces this law
because it encourages pigeons to stick
around venice's popular area st. Mark's
Square where they damage the city's
historic monuments and proved to be a
health hazard
speaking of historic places
high heels are not for sightseeing in
Greece Greece is full of ancient ruins
and incredible relics that attract
tourists from all over the world and
having made it this far
Greece wants to ensure the preservation
of these incredible monuments one way to
do that is by banning pointy sharp heels
no matter how beautiful or stylish they
may be so while you want to look your
best when visiting something as grand as
the Acropolis take it down a notch and
slip on some Nikes ditch the camo when
in the Caribbean you definitely don't
want to be caught wearing camouflage in
several of the Caribbean islands it's
not because it's out of fashion these
days or are you risk not being seen it's
because they're police officers wear
cameras so if you're caught wearing this
print you could get charged with
impersonating an officer which can
result in possible jail time and fines
looks like the Fashion Police really do
exist too bad you'll never see them
coming you know because of the camo okay
and moving on
don't step on money in Thailand if
you're ever walking down the streets of
Thailand and Seba the country's official
currency just lying there on the ground
you'd better not step on it unless you
want to get arrested for breaking the
law
sure stepping on money could tear it or
make it unusable but this tile aw exists
for an even more important reason on ba
you'll find the face of the country's
reigning monarch stepping on these faces
is a big no-no here and is considered
demeaning to the royal family which law
or faux pas surprised you the most let
me know down in the comments as well as
any other interesting cultural customs
you can add to the list be sure to give
this video a like share it with your
friends and click subscribe to stay on
the bright side of life
[Music]
you